the worst game of the season
the one played from the Cavese to the stadium
monopolies of Venice
without taking anything away from the team of
mister passiatore la cavese has played
a competition to make even the dwarfs pale
worst players in a tournament
inconclusive listless amateur a
irritating traits
the team of coach that you are
seen overcome by a well-placed monopoly
on the pitch and always ready to take advantage
of the defensive skids of the Metellians
in the first half the two teams are imposed
in the race above all on the physical level
and to pay the consequences around
twenty-fifth and luigi palumbo
forced to go out due to injury
after a blow to the face bringing back the
fracture of the nasal septum
the game takes place mainly at
midfield even if they are the locals who
they show up more in the attacking area
already in the fourth it leads to the cross shot
but in Naples it easily blocks to the ground
the sphere at the eleventh and salvestroni
which crosses to the center for beef
but he shoots very high the sphere on
consequent action luigi manzo for the
Cavese commits the first in a series of
errors to the limit of trying to ne
take advantage of cross that once
at the penalty spot comes
the tirone is hampered by a bell
is weak and easy to hold
naples the most dangerous ball for i
hosts
we record it at the sixteenth when up
tommaso corner kick cross
the cavese is almost slipped in Naples
points out only to the 32nd with a kick
of punishment of de rosa that ends
widely to the side the monopoly tries again
to the thirty-fifth again with the duo
novel cross with the latter which below
door puts the sphere on the bottom
before the end of the time the goal it
marks the cavese at the 44th with
allegretta but the race director
cancels for an alleged and questionable
offside
the recovery begins with the hosts
that they bring immediately from the parts
of naples and 49th go to the shooting with
beef from the edge but the goalkeeper
metellian rejects from fist
is the prelude to the goal indeed after 4
minutes the monopoly takes the lead
with defensive fusion between Naples
extreme white- blue pics in the attempt
to recover the ball commits a foul
touching the hand with the referee commands
a free kick to two in the area for
monopoly and warns the goalkeeper
metellian on the sphere carries pinto
which the cavese bags for zero
reacts and tries to equalize to
fifty-fifth with de rosa that yes
sees tognoni reject the sphere
on the repetition he rushes to the court
but the goalkeeper exceeds foot fails
to save your own door
what could be the return
della cavese turns into one
caporetto men in blue mesh
one can in fact at the fifty-seventh on
counter attack action doubles with
cross the cavese goes haywire and fails
to contain monopoly attacks
who has sixty-four thanks again
a defense error triples the brand
still lasts with cross marking the
personal shotgun and puts in
safe the result
the green-and-whites are now masters of the
situation and a marking in fail
there
the first succession with a cross at
seventy-fourth soon after with
roncone and after a minute and again cross
which kicks out a little on assists of
The Cavese range scores a goal for the flag
with de rosa to eighty-seventh but i
hosts mark the fourth network
two minutes later to the eighty-ninth with
ronconi and humiliating the formation
metelliana
in full recovery the premises skim
even the fifth network with de luisi
that of head puts of little to side one
gori caustic punishment the mister
eaglets after game
our away games are cones
have an episode that says it
long on the spin alita the correctness
of the monopolitan people happened at
end of the first fraction when fan
at home he approached the fence
to make sure of Luigi's conditions
palumbo urging him to reach the most
soon the hospital
a signal that goes to those who have banned
entry to the fans